it's the gentleman over perpignan
camille lopez has already seduced her new
public the Catalan public decisive the
last weekend facing castres the old
opener of the bordeaux union bègles with
a test at the very end of the match the test
of win transfer win so
for the usap who was receiving the stadium
french today philippe broussard
camille lopez who declared
this week have achieved a first
ideal match it's true that camille lopez
had the good idea to put himself the
Catalan public in the pocket right from
first release even if marc delpoux qs
her coach had judged her almost too much
sober during this first match on
so waited for a camille lopez more
players during this second match at
perpignan's home in front of the stadium
French
but it's the Parisians in black who
are the first ones in action with this
ball of fillol for clisson pisson 25
meters facing the poles that passes a
drop after only two minutes this is
paris that leads to perpignan 3 to 0
immediate reaction of the Peruvians in
talk about camille lopez then players and
well it is he who addresses this
last pass in any case there who
pierced the Parisian defense for
go mark the first try this
match in perpignan go forward to score
to lead 7 to 3 after only 5
minutes
in the wake the same side action
Parisian in fillol colors for peas
have a new drop am the most
complicated but that again because that
does 7 to 6 in favor of perpignan's
right only eight minutes for jules
plisson 7 to 6 then 10 annette none
penalty on each side 29th minute then
that gonzalo quesada is not
completely reassured again 29th minute
in touch the paschal pascal fault that
hustle vahaamahina on this alignment
sir ruiz larbi from their meeting goes
inflict a yellow card that can
seem a little bit severe always
is it that the Parisians find themselves
outnumbered and in addition
behind the penalty is successful by
james hook giving four points
of advanced to the Catalans to lead 13 to 9
the Parisians are in inferiority
digital but we find them in front of
line of the Catalans the ball lands
in the hands of flanquart who is going
score the first betting test in
this match looked at the right of your screen
rabadan holding back may guitoune
your video will judge that there is no
impact on the defense of
perpignanais paris leads 16 to 13 32nd
gorgeous minute clearing cathedral
sullied on yonne and more behind
both players will exchange moves
of fist caricaturing in total
it should have been two yellow cards 2
red cartons for weathered a carton
red for yonne but in the end the refereed
video will only give a simple
curious penalty later antoine
burban tears him out naias
are you going to support that speeds up who
escapes kick to follow from
Parisian good cover of guitoune
perpignan side who are leaving on his
left it's clogged inside hook
again it's a little clogged it
returns to his goal then finally
found a solution to the outside there
accelerates and finds more than the tuque to
acquit him call my daughter my daughter and
who is alone on saone she who
to follow he is embarrassed in his
progression but benvenuti followed well
get this ball back and mark the
second perpignan attempt in this
meeting in perpignan who passes in front of
to the score to lead 20 to 16 benvenuti
the Italian who arrived in the offseason
from Treviso on this
action you will see also a
beautiful tackle of durban on my daughter
which will earn him a yellow card of the coup
the Parisians will play for a
minute thirty to 13 against 15 and in
numerical inferiority almost during
and here it is this burban tackle at the
pause is perpignan that leads from
four points from one to 16 and yet marc
delpoux who is not completely
satisfied and for good reason the stadium
French played against the wind during this
first act has only four points of
delay in addition marc delpoux who must
to pass from camilo not his return from
cloakrooms injured ribs and who
could be missing for several
weeks you add to that the
Parisian domination in melee the
Catalans who commit far too much
faults and that allow Jerome
Porical
the former usap player to pass
three penalties in 6 minutes that gives back
an advantage in paris 25 to 20 porical
author of a 5 out of 5 during this
evening 3 58th minute justin scared is taken
in the offside position
he gets a yellow card for
accumulation of faults of his team
the perpignanais are in turn in
numerical inferiority and like the
Parisians in the first period and is created
a great opportunity with this kick
to follow from August
the rebound worn for guittoum that goes
mark the third attempt of perpignan
in this match and it's in pignan that makes
takes the lead in the score to lead 27
20 minutes to the end of
Catalans who are only one try
offensive bonus
the end of the match will be tense until
last we are in the last seconds
the last ball and in favor of the stadium
French with without it is she who
is taken but the ball still a little
to the east of Paris
dupuy will release this balloon for pis on
that they spend a third drop at
course of this match and especially give the
victory to his team the French stadium
two points in Catalonia
28 to 27 superb stadium performance
French on the other hand obviously for the
Catalan it's a big blow behind the
head in the image of their coach marc
deloux x inevitably fatalistic at the end
of his meeting
of course everything we distinguish two or
three months this round we lost to
last second we missed the
melee conquest that was not
satisfactory
we missed a lot of numbers it's a
second-line and powerful guy who
were not there we certainly
prevented cause of his incredible that a
drop 3 drops for jules plisson in this
match then we have to see him again
necessarily to the pallet prepared by
thomas glavany who measured exactly
this drop
look at 37 m but especially under pressure
what cold blood we were playing last
minute of the game the last seconds
he is 22 years old
often complained of not having to
open french in top 14 it's a
nice answer from jules plisson of this
evening and three drops succeeded by the same
player during a match that was not
more arrived since December 2011 it was
already at the time a French opener
international lionel beauis it was
with Toulouse facing Montpellier then
we have seen Julius decisive plisson certainly
but mostly happy that his team has
finally regain efficiency he was
at the microphone of michel macurdy especially that
we did not get it
the opportunity to score each time
was at home so I think
that today I will leave state of mind
that had to be scorched from - which in
their 40 m so here I think that
I would have his town hall it succeeded me but
I had so much the last wrist
that I'm faking people but a few
today